Big brother hahahaha
Hahahahaha
Take these to my uncle
Hahaha oops
Brother, you can be regarded as helping brother beat his hair
Yes, that's not right.
How is this cannonball exactly the same as ours?
Lian Ding and are the same
Wu, where did you get this cannonball?
Do I need to explain to you where I'm from?
Tell me why you have our ammo
Are you blood?
Sir, this is not really a number
Click stop
Now the handsome troops are outside
Is now the time for Uchito?
Yes, this is the egg to be sent to the front
You can't win then.
Uncle is better than a cow
There is a hammer
This kid dares to resell arms
Help him slick off
Catch him and he's handsome
What are you talking about?
My brother's medicine
How many people have suffered?
You, you, that includes you.
How can you be ungrateful?
division commander
I say that for the brothers too
Sir, I think it's a good idea
Let the Wu family head take some money to fight the war
You have no trace
Don't affect Tiankai
This is the situation now
Get ready to fight
Do you know this is crazy?
Isn't this taking everyone back to die?
It should be
No wonder anyone
What are your chances of winning?
Oh, this enemy is Yuko.
I can only respect and listen to the previous one.
I'm capable
Fight them in a war of attrition. Fight them in a war of attrition.
That's not enough ammo to plug between your teeth
I see this kid
He was only happy when he hoped that everyone would die
It's impossible if it's not enough.
Are these enough?
You fight them.
Oh, my God.
So much.
Am I dreaming?